Default Pack - small playbook fix and readme update (#26284)
demisto/content: Packs/DefaultPlaybook/README.md

Sometimes you may have an incident, or just some data at hand, that does not fall into any specific category. When you simply create an incident from scratch or just want to get more information about an indicator without performing a full investigation, we recommend using our Default playbook.

> This pack provides you with the Default playbook and layout, which help automate the core steps of every investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack provides you with the Default playbook and layout, which helps automate the core steps of every investigation.

```

The Default playbook automatically enriches indicators, parses files, detonates files and URLs, maps affected endpoints and calculates a severity for the incident.

> The Default layout is a good match for any incident type, as it dynamially displays mapped or unmapped incident data, files attachments and assets and indicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Default layout is a good match for any incident type, as it dynamically displays mapped or unmapped incident data, file attachments and assets and indicators.

```
